smitebot:  avoid afl-cmin filename overflow on direct corpus minimize (#190)
morehouse/smite: smitebot/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
smitebot corpus minimize <campaign-id> [-i <dir>]... [-o <output-dir>] [--aflpp-path <path>]
```

```

- `<campaign-id>`: directory name under `~/.smitebot/runs`

> - `-i, --input <input>`: input directories to minimize (repeatable); these — or, by default, the campaign's runner queues — are implicitly merged into a single directory before minimizing

Reviewer 2: Same applies here as well

Reviewer: The whole sentence is hard to read.  I would eliminate the emdash interruption and just simply describe what the command does.

```suggestion
- `-i, --input <dir>`: One input directory to minimize.  If multiple `-i` flags are present, all specified directories are merged before minimizing.  If omitted, the campaign's runner queues are merged and minimized.
```

> - `-i, --input <input>`: input directory passed to `afl-cmin -i`; by default the campaign's runner queues are staged into a short-named temp corpus first (afl-cmin's `<hash>_<name>` staging overflows `NAME_MAX` on long smite-ir queue filenames), so no `--input` is needed. A supplied `--input` is passed through unchanged

Reviewer: This seems like implementation details the user doesn't need to know.

```suggestion
- `-i, --input <input>`: input directory passed to `afl-cmin -i`; by default the campaign's runner queues are implicitly merged into a single directory that is passed to this flag
```
